README.md, before:

# landingPage

This is my landing page assignment for The Odin Project

## Goal
The goal of this project is to be able to build a complete layout from scratch, including all html and css; making it similar to the one provided by The Odin Project.
All along this project I will also be pushing my web page to github so I learn how to version control my developments

## list of things I do in order to achieve my goal
1. create html and css files.
2. create img folder
3. I created a Kanban board to follow the progress of my project
4. I have been using a lot of flexbox to do the hero section. It is still causing me trouble how to format properly all the subsections on it
5. In the body sections I will apply the flexbox model on as many sections as possible
6. 2023-03-08 I learned today that I need to select all font weights that I want to use for my website in the google font page
7. 2023-03-09 I encountered a problem today. the hero section moves independently to the header section, my objective is to block them both so they grow and shrink at the same rate

Commit message:

added last thougths about the project

README.md, after:

# landingPage

This is my landing page assignment for The Odin Project

## Goal
The goal of this project is to be able to build a complete layout from scratch, including all html and css; making it similar to the one provided by The Odin Project.
All along this project I will also be pushing my web page to github so I learn how to version control my developments

## list of things I do in order to achieve my goal
1. create html and css files.
2. create img folder
3. I created a Kanban board to follow the progress of my project
4. I have been using a lot of flexbox to do the hero section. It is still causing me trouble how to format properly all the subsections on it
5. In the body sections I will apply the flexbox model on as many sections as possible
6. 2023-03-08 I learned today that I need to select all font weights that I want to use for my website in the google font page
7. 2023-03-09 I encountered a problem today. the hero section moves independently to the header section, my objective is to block them both so they grow and shrink at the same rate.
    Update. I'm not able to find the same problem now. Everything works as expected
8. 2023-03-10 I have finished the project. the site looks like the one in the provided picture. Only at the end I used the property "box-sizing" which proved to be really useful to properly size the boxes without having to calculate all margins and padding.

Overall I feel happy and proud of being able to build a landing page on my own, the project was difficult in the begining but I was able to learn a lot about the flex model.
